---
### About Me ###

Success is valuable. But it becomes all the more special when it comes to
someone like *Anil Balkrishna Kate*, Who has made his name successful in the
business world without having any prior experience or knowledge. A well known
personality who had done a remarkable work in the real estate market of Pimple
Saudagar - Kate has a calm, composed nature and is always ready to help others.
Apart from him, his family had his father, who worked at an Aluminium depot in
khadki; his mother; who was a housewife and four sisters. He completed his
primary education from Municipal Corporation School of Pimple Saudagar and
secondary education from Nav Maharashtra School. He wanted to pursue higher
studies but couldn't do so due to family's average financial condition.
Kate’s family was also into the traditional business of milk. He spent his early
days amid many problems and obstacles. But right from the beginning, he wanted
to do something different. He was interested in sports too and used to get
involved in social and religious programmes through "Ganapati Mandal". Later on,
in the year 1995, Kate started his career with buying and selling of plots.
Though he had no prior experience in this field, he started by taking a loan of
Rs. 50,000 to invest in lands. After getting initial success, he went ahead and
started a new business.

About his charity work, he says, "I used to organize many social and religious
functions through ‘Chetak Mitramandal,’ which connected me with S. M Joshi, from
whom I got to learn a lot. After getting success in business, I also worked to
ensure people got their basic rights and helped in getting their caste
certificates, ration cards, pan cards etc made. Also we keep organizing various
programmes through ‘Jana Jagruti Organization.’ He takes inspiration from Sharad
Pawar, Atul Lunkad and Chandrakant Kankaria. A lot of problems and setbacks came
his way, but he continued with the hard work and kept patience, which eventually
led to his success in life. He shares the credit of his success with his parents
and his wife Meenakshi, who is also actively involved in social work.

---
### Achievements ###

 * Anil Kate is the receipent of the PCMC Business Icon Award in 2015 given by
   Union Minister of Road Transport & Highways Nitin Gadkari

---
### Vision ###

 * To implement various welfare plans towards the development of Pimple
   Saudagar.
 * Ensuring adequate and regular water supply, building overhead water tanks.
 * To ensure uninterrupted power supply across Pimple Saudagar and coordinate
   with MSEDCL to build powerhouse.
 * Make traffic management better.
 * To ensure execution of public amenities.
 * Introduce new technologies and provide subsidies to societies implementing
   waste management projects and make Pimple Saudagar less polluted.
 * Help socities to form cooperative firms as well as getting conveyance deed
   formalities.

---
### Testimonials ###
 * ![testimonial1] (/images/profiles/1001/testimonial1.jpg)
 * ![testimonial2] (/images/profiles/1001/testimonial2.jpg)
